Objective: The password for the next level is stored in the file data.txt, which is a hexdump 
of a file that has been repeatedly compressed. 

Steps taken: 
Step 1: Login to Level 12 with the help of the username (bandit12) and password retrieved in 
        the previous level, via the ssh command. 
        Command Used: ssh bandit12@bandit.labs.overthewire.org -p 2220
Step 2: Create a temporary directory for the level
        (recommended, because we do not have write permissions in the home directory)
        Command used: mktemp -d 
Step 3: Copy the file to the temporary directory. 
        Command used: cp data.txt [temp_directory_name]
Step 4: Revert the hexdump content of data.txt back to binary form. 
        Command used: xxd -r data.txt new 
Step 5: The previous step copies the binary content to a file named new. Now, check the file type of new
        and add the same extension to its name. 
        Commands used: file new --> check file type of new --> gzip compressed 
                        mv new new.gz --> rename the file and add extension gz (for gzip files)
        This step is done because the tools like gzip and bzip accept only the files with proper 
        extensions to perform decommpression actions. 
Step 6: Decompress the gzip file created. 
        Command used: gzip -d new.gz 
Step 7: Repeat step 5 and 6 until we find the final ASCII Text file containing the required password.
        While decompressing the file we will also find a tar file. It is an archived file. It can be 
        unarchived with the help of following command: tar -xf new.tar 

Commands used: 
1) ssh 
2) xxd 
3) file 
4) mv 
5) mktemp -d 
6) gzip 
7) bzip2 
8) tar 

Concepts learnt: 
1) tar comomand is used to archive or extract the files. Archiving a gile helps to save a file for
   long term nd save storage space. 
2) xxd helps to convert and revert the files between hexdump and binary. It helps us read the raw 
   binary data stored in the computer. It is used in reverse engineering. 
3) gzip and bzip are tools used to compress and decompress files. They'er used to compress files and 
   save disk space on the server. 


