Objective: To retrieve the password (next level) by submitting the password of the current level to a port on localhost in the range 
31000 to 32000.

According to the information given in the level, the specific port to submit the password will be found as follows: 
a) finding out which ports have a server listening on them 
b) finding which one of those can be connected via SSL/TLS

Steps Taken: 
Step 1: Login to Level 16 with the help of the username (bandit16) and password retrieved in 
        the previous level, via the ssh command. 
        Command Used: ssh bandit16@bandit.labs.overthewire.org -p 2220
Step 2: Find out which ports have a server listening on them, via port scanning. 
        Command Used: nmap localhost -p31000-32000 
Step 3: Once, we've found the ports, we can directly use openssl to check if each of the given ports can be connected using SSL/TLS and
        and whether the next password can be retrieved by sending the password of the current level to them. 
        For this, we're going to use the for loop, as shown below: 
        Command Used: for i in 31046 31518 31691 31790 31960; do 
                        echo "YOUR_PASSWORD" | openssl s_client -connect localhost:"$i" -quiet 
                        done 

Commands Used: 
1) ssh
2) nmap 
3) openssl 

Concepts Learnt: 
1) nmap tool: It is a very powerful tool in linux command line. It is used for port scanning, network discovery and security auditing. 
It is used a lot by the cybersecurity professionals. We're using the port scanning application of this tool. In this level, we used 
nmap to find out which ports have a server listening on them. 
2) for loops: for loops can be used in linux to automate repititive tasks. The syntax for the for loop is as follows: 
Syntax: for variable in list_of_items
do
    commands_to_run
done

NOTE: when a connection is established with the remote host using openssl s_client, everything that
is typed on the keyboard is transferred to the remote server, until EOF(end of file). 
The connection can be opened either in basic or advanced mode. When the connection is in interactive
mode (neither -ign_eof or -quiet flag is used), the letters Q, R, K, k act as commands for the server. 
Hence, the passwords starting with these letters won't give us the required output (password for next
level) in this level. 
Therefore, openssl s_client is used with -ign_eof or -quiet flag to ignore these letters (or commands)
Required Command: openssl s_client -connect -ign_eof localhost:30001