Objective: The objective of this level is to retrieve the password by printing the contents of the only human-readable file in the inhere directory  
in the remote server. 

Steps Taken: 
Step 1: Login to Level 4 with the help of the username (bandit4) and password retrieved in the previous
        level, via the ssh command. 
        Command Used: ssh bandit4@bandit.labs.overthewire.org -p 2220
Step 2: Move to the director named inehre.  
        Command Used: cd inhere 
Step 3: Check the names of all the files in the current directory. 
        Command used: ls 
Step 4: Find the file type of each file recursively. (file type of files -file00, -file01,...., -file09)
        Command used: file ./-file{00..09}    
Step 5: Print the contents of the human-readable file (file type: ASCII text)
        Command used: cat ./-file07

Commands used: 
1) ssh 
2) cd 
3) ls 
4) file 

Concepts Learnt: 
1) The file command: It is used to find the file type of the file given to it as an argument. 
2) Using file command for multiple files: It is a tedious work to use file command for every single file used in the directory. Therefore, it is
   essential to use it for multiple files at once. 
   The present level had multiple files named as "-file00, -file01,...., -file09". It can be seen that the file names differ only due to the numbers 
   included in them, which increase from 00 to 09. In such cases the filename can be used with "{start..end}" (as showed in step 4) where "start" and
   "end" denote the smallest and largest number present in the file names, to avoid the tedious work of providing each argument to the file command
   manually. 
Extra: 
However, the files in a directory may not have the same name. In such cases, we can perform any one of the following actions: 
1) Write multiple arguments with a single file command. 
   Ex: file file_nameA file_nameB file_nameC ..... 
2) Use piping and xargs command as shown in the below example: 
   Ex: find . -type f | xargs file 
   In this command,
   a) find: command to print paths to objects (files) with a specific name, size or file type. 
   b) "." represents the current directory, and directs the find command to search for objects in the current working directory.
   c) "-type f" directs the find command to search for and print the paths for objects that are of type f (file).
   d) "|" is called the pipe. This gives the output of the command on its left side as input to the command on its right side. In this case, the pipe "|"
      gives the output of "find . -type f" command as input to the xargs file command. 
   e) xargs: used to execute a command recursively for all the arguments given to the command. In this case, the xargs helps to recursively execute "file" 
      command for all the files which are given to it, with the help of the pipe("|") and "find . -type f" command.  
